[panting]
[gunshot]
[unsettling music playing]
[Tea] Bambi!
[indistinct screaming]
[breathing heavily]
Are you okay?
Why wouldn't I be?
You don't need to pretend.
This isn't something you can prepare for.
Okay.
[object rattles lightly]
It's a new bag for the funeral.
Ideally. we want to see who turns up.
Family. friends. associates. children.
What they talk about. we want it all.
We'd just been speaking.
["Cheshme Man" by Dariush playing]
[mournful song continues playing]
[attendants crying softly]
[intriguing music playing]
THE ASSET
[indistinct chatter]
[woman] Hi. how are you?
[man on mic] My condolences.
[ominous music playing]
[man speaking indistinctly in distance]
[indistinct chatter continues]
[indistinct chatter growing louder]
[man] What are you doing?
I'm looking for the restroom.
Was it you that was with Bambi that night?
Yes.
[man sighs]
The restroom is upstairs.
Thank you.
[Miran on mic] Is everything okay. Dad?
[Tea] Hi there.
[Sofia] Hi.
Okay if I sit here?
Wow. he's cute.
What's his name?
He has no name.
Shouldn't he have one?
Bambi. I guess.
[Miran] Can I speak with you for a moment?
All right.
I'm guessing the police questioned you?
Yeah.
How did it go?
Fine. yeah.
They asked about you.
What did they want?
They asked how… I knew you. and Bambi.
And what did you say?
The truth.
That I don't know you that well.
That I didn't know anything.
You've got nothing to worry about.
Worry about?
Worry… about them asking questions.
And why would that worry me?
-I don't know. I'm sorry. I didn't mean…
-It's okay.
You seem to be an intelligent woman.
I'm sure that you know
when to talk and when not to talk.
Yeah. of course.
I'm in a negotiation.
About some diamonds.
So we're going to need you
and your paperwork soon.
Okay. You'll just let me know.
Good.
Make sure you're at the store tomorrow.
-[footsteps receding]
-[dark music playing]
[door opens]
Hi.
I needed to get some fresh air.
Okay.
How are you doing?
Miran is devastated. Sofia's gone quiet.
How about you?
I'm okay. Don't worry about me.
I'm still struggling to understand
what actually happened.
I mean. was somebody after him?
Bambi was involved in some stuff.
But it wasn't his fault.
It's complicated. Okay?
I'm here for you
if you ever feel the need to talk.
I really should get back inside.
It's not a good idea
to talk about all this stuff.
[unsettling music playing]
[object rattling lightly]
There you go.
Nice work.
Do we know who killed Bambi?
[Yasin] No. not yet.
Miran has a lot of enemies.
A lot of people
are waiting on their goods.
Listen. Bambi's murder
may not be a bad thing for us.
If Miran was feeling the pressure before.
then he must be desperate now.
As soon as you've helped him
with the diamonds.
he'll try to move them out of the country.
We need to know where. when. and how.
You need to get him to talk.
Okay.
You're his best opportunity.
He needs you.
[tense music playing]
[machine clicking and hissing]
GARAGE
[tools and machines whirring]
What the fuck are you doing here?
I'm here to see Erik.
-What'd you say? Get the fuck out of here.
-Relax. man.
I'm here to see Erik.
-Don't speak English? I'll repeat myself.
-I need to…
-Fuck off!
-I need to talk to Erik.
[Erik] Hey!
-Okay.
-[man 1] Don't move.
[Erik] Check them.
[patting]
I told you. we have nothing.
[man 2] Let him through.
Okay.
Sit down.
[machinery whirring in background]
[coffee stops pouring]
[cup taps]
There you go.
Sorry about your brother.
We just buried him.
Yeah. I know.
[distant engine revving]
I'm sorry for the delay in delivery.
I just need a little more time.
How much do you need?
A couple of weeks.
And why should I give you that?
Hm. Because it's best for business.
Don't make me do anything rash.
I'm sure you understand. Miran.
For your daughter.
[bottles clattering]
[door opening]
Hey.
Hi. honey.
[sniffles]
[Ashley] She finally fell asleep.
[sighs]
I think that you and…
Sofia should. uh… leave for a while.
It's become too dangerous for you here.
Miran.
What's going on. honey?
I need time to think.
I'm afraid things are gonna get ugly
and I don't want you both
around when it happens.
But what about you?
I'll come see you when I'm finished here.
Should I be worried. Miran?
Listen. There's no need to be worried.
I'll take care of everything.
[somber music playing]
[door opening]
[Ashley] Hi. sweetie.
What's wrong. are you okay?
I'm sorry. Mom. I wet the bed.
Oh…
[somber music continues]
[door buzzer sounds]
[door unlocks]
[Folke exhales]
Hello.
Nice shop you got.
It's a store.
-What?
-We call it a store.
Shop sounds a little… primitive.
Okay.
You've got some
really expensive stuff here.
You must make good money.
Business is good.
What I don't get… Sara…
is why you want to work with Miran.
It can't be about money.
So what is it then?
I like to earn money. I like Ashley.
I want to help her husband.
You and I are going for a ride.
Now?
Why. are you busy?
[sinister music playing]
[on mic] Leave your phone here.
[taps on keyboard]
[exhales]
[seatbelt unbuckles]
Come on. Out.
[suspenseful music playing]
[elevator groaning and squeaking]
-[indistinct chatter]
-[darkly intriguing music playing]
I didn't bring any of my equipment. so…
[man 1] Here.
[music intensifies]
[Tea] They look like Argyle diamonds.
[man 2] No shit.
Do you have the documents?
[man 2] What do you think?
[Tea] What's your price?
What's your offer?
For this one. 100.
[scoffs]
[man 2] Where did you find
your expert. Miran?
Those stones… they're at least 500 each.
Half a million?
They're all more than 0.5 karats. All VS2.
Yeah. Without their papers.
100K is a fair price.
Pink Brilliants.
Their value is their color.
Karat and clarity mean less for them.
I don't know what's going on.
and I don't know where you found him.
but without papers.
you'd be very lucky to find any buyer.
[sudden aggressive music playing]
[man 1] Calm down. Relax.
We’ve got room to negotiate.
[man 2] You said
this would be a walk in the park.
Now. at least you have
something to negotiate with.
[Miran] I need you to use these to create
jewelry that would be less conspicuous.
And get the right paperwork.
And what are they for?
Why do you ask?
Well. because it's one thing
if they're sitting in someone's drawer.
but if they're crossing a border.
you'll need different documents.
They're crossing borders.
Where?
You're asking too many questions.
If you want me to help you.
I need to know what documents to make.
The rules are very different
if it's Europe. the US. or for Dubai.
Okay.
For Europe.
Spain.
He said they're going to Spain?
Yeah.
Maybe our tech team
can find out if the stones are real
when they put them in the jewelry.
[Tea] I think they're real.
Good job.
-[pop music playing in background]
-[door opens]
-[door closes]
-Hey!
[Miran] Hi.
[continues chopping]
Hey. babe.
[Ashley] Hi. honey.
-This looks really good.
-Mmm. Hey.
Sofia. dinner!
The school called.
They'd like to see us for a talk tomorrow.
And they'd like you to attend this time.
[Miran] Okay.
[Ashley] I've asked Sara
to take care of Sofia while we're there.
-[Miran] She has time for that?
-Yeah.
Sofia!
Sofia?
Is she there?
[Ashley] I can't find her.
Sofia?
Sofia?!
[dissonant music playing]
-[music fades]
-[door opening]
Sweetie?
What are you doing here?
[muffled music playing]
[Ashley] She's over here.
What are you doing sitting here?
[Miran] Sofia. didn't you hear us calling?
[Ashley] Come on. sweetie. Dinner's ready.
Come on.
[Miran] Sorry.
[Ashley] I made you your favorite noodles.
-Mm?
-[Sofia] Mm.
[teacher 1] This is not the first time
we've had a sit-down together.
When a child behaves like that
and withdraws.
it's not something we can ignore.
And Sofia has become introverted.
We had noticed this before.
But it's become clear to us now
that Sofia is not doing well.
She spends every recess alone on her own.
[Miran] Well. recently.
she lost her uncle and. um…
It's been very hard on us.
And Sofia has been hurting as well.
[teacher 2] Naturally.
Please accept our sincere condolences.
-Thanks.
-Thank you.
But the problem is that Sofia's been
having these symptoms for quite a while.
[teacher 2] That being said. there is
no doubt that the incident on her birthday
obviously contributed to the fact
that we have had to take action.
Take action?
What do you mean?
[teacher 2] Don't worry.
this is standard procedure.
but we must advise you that we are
obligated to make a report about Sofia.
[Miran] Make a report?
Because our daughter is shy?
Or because she is introverted?
[teacher 1] No. because
Sofia's showing worrying behavioral signs.
[teacher 2] And because
she tells us things going on at home
that we can't turn a blind eye to anymore.
[poignant music playing]
[water running]
[Tea] What are you drawing?
Uncle Bambi.
-He's become an angel?
-Yeah.
You don't think so?
Yes. absolutely.
Mom and me are gonna take a plane soon.
so maybe we'll see him.
-You're taking a plane?
-Mm.
Where are you going?
I don't remember where.
but Mom says that it's somewhere warm.
-Sounds great.
-Mm.
-So you don't remember where you're going?
-No.
No.
-[both laughing]
-[Tea] Funny face!
[laughter continues]
[knocking on door]
-Hi.
-[Tea] Hi.
-Hey.
-[Ashley] You guys have fun?
-Yeah. lots of fun! Right. Sofia?
-Nice.
Yeah. but can we stay
a little longer. please?
-[Ashley] Oh.
-[Tea chuckles]
-Sounds like someone had fun!
-[Sofia] Yeah.
So how did it go?
It was fine.
It was nothing serious.
Just the usual "girl trouble." you know?
Sweetie. can you put on your shoes?
-[Sofia] Okay…
-Sofia said you guys were going away.
Yeah. we just want
to get away for a while.
Nice. So just the both of you?
Yeah. for the moment.
But Miran will come later.
[bag zips]
Come on. sweetie.
Dad's waiting for us downstairs.
So are you going to Spain?
Um. yeah. To Malaga actually.
Something wrong?
No. Malaga's perfect.
[Sofia] Mom. come on. let's go.
-See you.
-[Tea] Yeah. see you.
-[Sofia] Bye!
-[Tea] Bye.
[door closes]
[Tea] Ashley's going to Spain.
Miran's using Ashley and Sofia
to smuggle the stones.
-[Folke] Are you sure of that?
-Yeah. We just spoke.
She thinks she's going
on a vacation to Malaga.
-When do they leave?
-In about a week.
We have to stop them.
And why would we do that?
Because he's using her.
Because if she gets caught.
she'll end up in jail.
and nobody will believe her.
-She'll be an accomplice.
-That's not our problem. Sara.
Your only concern is to meet up
with Miran and to give him the diamonds.
I'll take it from here.
Understood?
-Hello?
-Yeah.
[dog barking in distance]
[Miran] If there are any problems.
or any issues with the jewels
or with the documents.
it's on you. Understood?
Of course.
This is what I owe.
The rest is for you.
And thank you for your help.
I trust you. Sara.
[ominous music playing]
-[door closes]
-[coffee machine whirs]
I haven't heard from you
in a little while. Making progress?
Making progress.
Miran's gonna use Ashley
for smuggling again.
We just need to put a man on Ashley.
We see who she meets.
All we have to do is follow the diamonds.
and they'll lead us to Miran's partners.
We've already advised the Spanish police.
They're ready to put a man on her
once she sets foot in Malaga.
[hip-hop music playing in background]
[zipping]
-[jewelry tinkles]
-[foreboding music playing]
[TV playing indistinctly]
[laughter on TV]
[Miran] What's up?
Nothing.
Ashley. it's me.
I know something's up
when you look at me like that.
[Ashley] Hm?
[sighs]
-Isn't there anything you'd like to say?
-[Miran scoffs]
[sighs]
[scoffs]
I found these.
And there's more in my suitcase.
Is that why you want us to go away?
It's a good idea to take a break.
-[scoffs]
-They have the appropriate papers.
You've nothing to worry about.
So it's okay to use us
to smuggle shit and not tell us?
It was best you didn't know.
They look exactly like your own jewels.
Is this such a terrible thing that
I ask for your help just this once?
[Ashley] You don't even get it.
What don't I get?
-That's not the point.
-Then what is the point? What?
You don't give a shit about me
and you don't give a shit about Sofia.
Everything I do is about
giving you the best life possible.
But that's not the life that I want!
So you don't want it but you're having fun
shopping and spending my fucking money?
-[Ashley] Unbelievable.
-But when I ask you to help
just once… you're pissed.
We had an agreement. Miran.
When Sofia was born.
I would not be involved in your shit.
You have just one thing
to do in this house.
take care of Sofia.
And you can't even manage that.
-I'm not doing it.
-You are doing it.
No.
Ashley.
You stupid. spoiled fuckin' princess!
-Hey! I'm talking to you!
-[distant dog barking]
I hate you!
I hate living
in this fucking house with you!
I hate being trapped
in this fucking life with you!
So now you feel fuckin' trapped? Trapped?
Then say goodbye to your daughter
and get the fuck out of here!
I hate that you're my daughter's father!
What'd you say?
-You heard me.
-Repeat what you said.
I said that I hate
that you're my daughter's father.
Hm? What do you hate? Huh? Say it again.
[gasping]
Huh?! You'll do exactly what I say.
and you'll shut
your ungrateful fuckin' mouth.
[Ashley] Sweetie? [sobs]
Sweetie!
[quiet. dramatic music playing]
[dark. persistent music playing]
[door opening]
Honey?
-[Sofia] Are we going to the airport?
-[shushing] We have to be quiet.
Let's go.
[door slowly cracking open]
[doorbell rings]
[footsteps approaching]
[door buzzes]
[Ashley] Inside. sweetie.
[Tea] Hey.
What's going on?
Why don't you go lie down?
What's wrong?
What did he do?
[exhales deeply]
Ash…
[Ashley breathing shakily]
[Ashley crying]
Come sit down.
There were times I helped him out.
But… it was years ago.
I haven't gotten involved
since Sofia was born.
I can't do this anymore. Sara.
I can't watch her grow up
in this kind of environment anymore.
We're leaving tomorrow.
I mean. where are you going to go?
I don't know. We just have to leave.
We need to get away from him.
[uneasy music playing]
[phone vibrating]
[door closes]
[Folke] What the hell's going on?
What's Ashley doing at your place?
She showed up with Sofia.
She's asleep on the couch.
She came with a bag. She left Miran.
Hello?
You have to send them home.
I can't do that. She's with me.
She escaped from Miran tonight.
They're sleeping.
You have to send her back to him.
Why?
We've just given him stones
and papers that are untraceable.
She can't leave him now. Understood?
Okay.
If she doesn't have access to Miran.
then neither do we.
Send her home. Now.
[whispers] Ashley.
Hey.
[Ashley groans]
Ashley. you have to go back home.
What?
You have to go back home.
Why?
Because…
you're not thinking straight.
You can't just pack up and leave.
[groans] But you did.
Yeah. but I didn't have a child.
It's different.
When Miran wakes up tomorrow
and sees that you and Sofia aren't there.
I'm worried this will get worse.
Please…
If you finally decide
you want to leave him…
Ash…
You'll need a plan.
You need to think about it.
And then. when you're ready.
I'll help you.
I promise. Ashley.
[sighs]
-[groans]
-We'll figure this out together.
[groans]
[exhales]
-[Ashley] Sweetie. we have to get up now.
-[Sofia groans]
[Ashley] Yeah.
[somber music playing]
[Sofia groans]
[Ashley] Now. come on.
[kisses]
[exhales]
We can talk later.
Come on.
[door closes]
[sighs]
[melancholy music playing]
[intriguing music playing]
[music fades out]